feat(doc): Improve the individual package documentations. BM-776 (#2981)
linz/basemaps: packages/_infra/README.md

# @basemaps/infra

> Infrastructure codes that using AWS CDK to deploy and manage the AWS infrastructures for Basemaps

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Infrastructure code that using [AWS CDK](https://github.com/aws/aws-cdk) to deploy and manage the AWS infrastructure for Basemaps
```

## Stacks

There are three following stacks used for Basemaps system

### Table

`TileMetadataTable` table, this dynamodb table is shared across stacks so it is deployed as a separated stack.
It is used to save the Metadata of the Basemaps configurations in the [@basemaps/config](../config/).

### Serve

The core tile generation service for [@basemaps/lambda-tiler](../lambda-tiler/) APIs, this service generates the tiles and serves them via a application load balancer which is connected to Edge

### Edge

> This is the edge of the tile serving, it is the egress point for all tiles. It deploys a CloudFront distribution with a lambda function that serve tiles for the Serve Stack

Reviewer: The edge infra doesnt deploy a lambda that is all in server?

## Usage

The infrastructure needs a number of environment variables to run

```javascript
// The accountId that will be used to deploy into
CDK_DEFAULT_ACCOUNT;

// Due to the convoluted way that TLS certificates are made inside LINZ a hard coded TLS ARN is needed for the load balancer and Cloudfront

> ALB_CERTIFICATE_ARN;

Reviewer: we don't use ALBs anymore I wonder if it can be removed.
